So here we have to create a target group.
So let me click on that and it will take you into this service, EC2 service, and it has taken
you to the page of your target group and basic configuration and let me choose a target type instances
and target group.
I'm giving any name tg Cluster EC2 and protocol 80.
I'm okay with that and this is my VPC.
Next click on next.
And here you can see it is showing all the instances.
I'm not going to register any targets as of now.
And also, I'm going to delete this target group as well.
I will show you.
So this target group has been created.
And now let me refresh it.
So it is important to create the target group, because without the target group, it won't allow you
to create the application load balancer.
So I've just created a target group, that's all.
And click on Create Load Balancer.
View load balancer.
Now my load balancer is in provisioning state and it will take 5 to 10 minutes for the creation of this
one.
And once this will be created, I'm going to delete the listeners as well as the target group, which
I have chosen at the time of creation of this application load balancer, and once I'm going to create
a service in the ECS cluster at that time, I'm going to define this application load balancer and
also will define the listener as well as the target group.
So no worries on that.
So let's see, what is the status?
So still it is in provisioning state.
Let me come to my this ECS and here we have my cluster and 2 instances are running.
Coming back to this EC2 service.
And we have 3 instances.
So 2 instances were created when I had created my cluster.
And one instance I have created in the public subnet.
So let me show you with this figure.
So in this public subnet, I have created one instance so that I can access my private subnet instances
through this instance, which is in the public subnet.
Here I can show you.
So these instances I have.
Now here you can see my this application load balancer is in active state.
So that's all for this lecture.
In the next lecture, I'm going to create a service and then I'm going to define this application load
balancer.